# ascii-art-web

Ascii-art-web is a web application that allows users to convert text into visually appealing ASCII art using different banner styles. This project involves creating and running a server that provides a web GUI (graphical user interface) version of the ASCII art tool.

## Description

This application builds upon the functionality of the original ASCII art project by offering a web interface. Users can input text, select a banner style (such as shadow, standard, or thinkertoy), and generate ASCII art representations directly through their web browser.

## Authors

- [dibragimo](https://01.alem.school/git/dibragimo)
- [sterekba](https://01.alem.school/git/sterekba)

## Usage

To use ascii-art-web:

1. Clone the repository:
git clone git@git.01.alem.school:dibragimo/ascii-art.git

2. Run the HTTP server:
go run cmd/main.go

3. Open your web browser and navigate to `http://localhost:2929/`.

4. Input your text, select a banner style, and click the button to generate ASCII art.

## Implementation Details

### Endpoints

The following HTTP endpoints are implemented:

- `GET /`: Returns the main HTML page, allowing users to input text and select banner styles.
- `POST /ascii-art`: Accepts data from the client (text and a banner style) and returns the corresponding ASCII art.

### HTML Templates

HTML templates are stored in the `templates` directory at the root of the project.

## Example

Here's an example of how to use the ascii-art-web application:

1. Start the server:
go run cmd/main.go

2. Open your web browser and go to `http://localhost:2929/`.



## Additional Notes

- The ASCII art generated by this application is based on the ASCII character set.
- Proper handling of escape characters may be required for Bash usage.
